Improves docs SEO (#1686)
iotaledger/goshimmer: documentation/docs/apis/webAPI.md

---

> description: The web API interface allows access to functionality of the node software via exposed HTTPendpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The web API interface allows access to functionality of the node software via exposed HTTP endpoints.
```
